Add support for external metadata views. (#1470)
thehyve/fairspace: README.adoc

    url: https://exstorage2/api/webdav
----

=== Multi-Fairspace metadata views integration

> Fairspace can have only single data model configured. However, if there is a need to have data from multiple models,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Fairspace works with a single data model. However, if there is a need to have data from multiple models,
```

> representing multiple domains that would be combined combined in single user interface, it is possible to integrate multiple Fairspace instances together.

Reviewer 2: "combined combined" - one is redundant

> Fairspace (main) instance can be configured as a view interface of metadata from another (external) Fairspace instance.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The main Fairspace instance can be configured as a view interface of metadata from another (external) Fairspace instance.
```

External Fairspace can have a different metadata model configured than the main Fairspace.

> Important precondition is that the external instance has to be connected to the same Keycloak realm as the main instance.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
An important precondition is that the external instance has to be connected to the same Keycloak realm as the main instance.
```

> External metadata can be searched and browsed in the same way as the internal metadata views. When configured, there is an extra page,

Reviewer 2: do you think it makes sense to add a picture of the interface for a few models here or at the beginning of the doc?

Reviewer 3: Not sure... we don't have a proper demo instance to take the screenshot of...

separate from internal metadata views, that allows to explore external metadata.
Currently, cross-instance metadata search is not supported.

For the external metadata pages, the tables and columns are created basing on the views configuration specified in that instance configuration.

==== Access policy

> Connection to the same Keycloak realm allows to authenticate a user in all integrated Fairspace instances with a single set of login credentials.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Connection to the same Keycloak realm allows to authenticate a user in all integrated Fairspace instances with a single set of login credentials (single sign-on).
```

Each Fairspace instance is responsible for controlling the access to its own metadata and perform
the required checks to ensure that users only get to see metadata of an instance, if has a view public metadata role assigned within that instance.

==== Configuration

Multiple external Fairspace metadata pages can be configured simultaneously. A list of configuration parameters is presented below.

|===
| Parameter | Description

| ``name``
| Unique name of the metadata source.
| ``label``
| String to be used as a display name of the metadata source.
| ``url``
| Fairspace instance to connect to.
|===

Sample configuration of external metadata sources in YAML format:
[source, bash]
----

> metadata-sources:

Reviewer: So this is in values.yaml? And do you also need to add the local instance, or only remotes?

Reviewer 3: only remotes 
I forgot to add it to Kubernetes/Helm config, will do!
